# AutoSettings for CoreHCF
antibot toggle false
AntiHunger toggle false
autoarmor bypass none
cheststealer maxdelay 200
cheststealer mindelay 150
criticals toggle true
criticals type packet
FastBreak toggle true
fastclimb Bypass Normal
FastStairs mode NCP
FastUse mode NCP
fly Bypass ncp
inventorymove AACAdditionPro false
killaura aac false
killaura FailRate 0
killaura FOV 180
killaura KeepSprint true
killaura MaxCPS 12
killaura MinCPS 9
killaura Priority health
killaura Range 4.2
killaura raycast false
killaura TargetMode switch
killaura ThroughWalls true
killaura TurnSpeed 180
NoRotateSet toggle true
scaffold slow false
scaffold Type normal
speed Type ncpbhop
Step Mode NCP
tower Type motion
velocity aac false
velocity Horizontal 0
velocity Vertical 0
