# AutoSettings for Gomme
killaura mincps 6
killaura maxcps 9
killaura range 4.25
killaura switch false
killaura multi false
killaura priority direction
killaura turnspeed 56
killaura burst false
killaura autoblock false
velocity vertical 1
velocity horizontal 0.4
tower type packet
antibot toggle false
autoarmor bypass true
speed type aacbhop
cheststealer delay 2
step height 1
step old false
sprint alldirections false
autorespawn toggle false
NoSlow toggle false
FastUse toggle false
NoFall toggle false
Zoot toggle false
Regen toggle false
Ghost toggle false
PingSpoof toggle false
Teleport toggle false
CivBreak toggle false
FastBreak toggle false
IceSpeed toggle false
Strafe toggle false
Sneak toggle false
FastClimb toggle false
Hitbox size 0.4
AutoClicker minCPS 6
AutoClicker maxCPS 9
SkinDerp toggle false
