# AutoSettings for Hypixel
antibot Color false
antibot EntityID false
antibot Ground true
antibot Health false
antibot LivingTime false
antibot Swing false
antibot Tab false
antibot toggle true
AntiHunger toggle false
autoarmor bypass none
cheststealer maxdelay 200
cheststealer mindelay 150
criticals toggle true
criticals Type packet
fly Bypass aac
inventorymove AACAdditionPro false
killaura AAC false
killaura AutoBlock true
killaura FailRate 0
killaura FOV 180
killaura MaxCPS 12
killaura MaxCPS 9
killaura NoInvAttack false
killaura Priority health
killaura Range 5.12
killaura raycast false
killaura TargetMode switch
killaura ThroughWalls true
killaura TurnSpeed 180
longjump NCPBoost 4.5
longjump NoCheat ncp
NoRotateSet toggle true
noslow toggle true
phase type skip
scaffold Type normal
speed Type slowhop
Step Mode ncp
Step Mode NCP
timer Speed 1.6
tower Type motion
Velocity AAC false
velocity Horizontal 0
velocity Vertical 0
